Laravel 7 native casts (#131)
BenSampo/laravel-enum: README.md

{

>     use CastsEnums;

Reviewer: Agreed, this should definitely be removed.

$example->user_type = UserType::Moderator();
```

### Casting underlying native types
Many databases return everything as strings (for example, an integer may be returned as the string `'1'`). To reduce fricton for users of the library we'll use type coercion to
figure out the intended value. If you'd prefer to control this, you can override the `castNative` static method on your enum class:

```php
final class UserType extends Enum
{
    const Administrator = 0;
    const Moderator = 1;
    
    public static function castNative($value)
    {
        return (int) $value;
    }
}
```

> ### Upgrading from Laravel Enum 1.x

Reviewer: I recommend we put this into a dedicated `UPGRADE.md` and maybe link there from the README. That makes it easy to find when looking at the repo.

If you're upgrading from `1.x`, then you should update your models to use Laravel 7 native casting. Remove the trait and
move the casts from `$enumCasts` to `$casts`. 

```diff

> class MyModel extends Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-use BenSampo\Enum\Traits\CastsEnums;

class MyModel extends Model
```

$example->user_type = UserType::Moderator();
```

### Casting underlying native types

> Many databases return everything as strings (for example, an integer may be returned as the string `'1'`). To reduce fricton for users of the library we'll use type coercion to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many databases return everything as strings (for example, an integer may be returned as the string `'1'`).
To reduce friction for users of the library, we use type coercion to
```

figure out the intended value. If you'd prefer to control this, you can override the `castNative` static method on your enum class:

```php
final class UserType extends Enum
{
    const Administrator = 0;
    const Moderator = 1;
    

>     public static function castNative($value)

Reviewer: This example is outdated and should use `(parse|serialize)Database`.
